Feature/backup restore api based python code (#79)
VeritasOS/netbackup-api-code-samples: recipes/python/backup-restore/README.md

> # Netbackup VmWare agentless single and group VM backup and restore APIs code samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NetBackup VmWare agentless single and group VM backup and restore APIs code samples
```

Author: Changed NetBackup to NetBackup

> # NetBackup VmWare agentless single and group VM backup and restore APIs code samples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# NetBackup VMware agentless single and group VM backup and restore APIs code samples
```

Author: Changed to VMware.

## Executing the scripts:

Pre-requisites:

> - NetBackup 8.2.1 or higher      

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- NetBackup 8.3 or higher      
```

Author: Changed the NetBackup version to 8.3

- Python 3.6 or higher
- Python modules: `requests`

Use the following commands to run the scripts.
### - Single VM backup and restore

> This single_vm_backup_restore.py script demonstrates how to backup a VM (VMware virtual machine) using a protection plan and restore it using NetBackup APIs.

Reviewer 2: Can you also mention that the restores are instant access restores?

Author: Done.

> This single_vm_backup_restore.py script describes how to backup VM using protection plan and restore the single VMware virtual machine that were backuped with NetBackup for VMware.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This single_vm_backup_restore.py script demonstrates how to backup a VM (VMware virtual machine) using a protection plan and restore it using NetBackup APIs.
```

Author: Changed the description

Author: Changed the description

Author: Changed the description

                                   [--master_username MASTER_USERNAME]
                                   [--master_password MASTER_PASSWORD]
                                   [--vcenter_name VCENTER_NAME]
                                   [--vcenter_username VCENTER_USERNAME]
                                   [--vcenter_password VCENTER_PASSWORD]
                                   [--vcenter_port VCENTER_PORT]
                                   [--protection_plan_name PROTECTION_PLAN_NAME]
                                   [--clientvm CLIENTVM]
                                   [--restore_vmname RESTORE_VMNAME]

Single VM backup and restore scenario

Arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --master_server MASTER_SERVER
                        NetBackup master server name
  --master_server_port MASTER_SERVER_PORT
                        NetBackup master server port
  --master_username MASTER_USERNAME
                        NetBackup master server username
  --master_password MASTER_PASSWORD
                        NetBackup master server password
  --vcenter_name VCENTER_NAME

>                         Vcenter name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        vCenter name
```

Author: Changed to vCenter.

  --vcenter_username VCENTER_USERNAME

>                         Vcenter username

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        vCenter username
```

Author: Changed to vCenter.

  --vcenter_password VCENTER_PASSWORD

>                         Vcenter password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        vCenter password
```

Author: Changed to vCenter.

  --vcenter_port VCENTER_PORT

>                         Vcenter port

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        vCenter port
```

Author: Changed to vCenter.

  --protection_plan_name PROTECTION_PLAN_NAME
                        Protection plan name
  --clientvm CLIENTVM   Client VM name
  --restore_vmname RESTORE_VMNAME
                        Restore VM name
```

Execution flow of single VM backup and restore script:
- Add vcenter to NBU master

> - Discovery of Vcenter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Discovery of vCenter
```

- Create protection plan
- Subscribe asset to protection plan
- Perform immediate backup
- Verify the status of jobs
- Initiate instant access recovery
- Verify state of instant access recovery VM.
- Perform the cleanup(e.g. remove instant access VM, subscription, protection plan and vcenter)

### - Group VM backup and restore

> This group_vm_backup_restore.py script describes how to backup multiple VMs using protection plan and perform bulk restore of VMware virtual machines that were backuped with NetBackup for VMware.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This group_vm_backup_restore.py script demonstrates how to backup multiple VMs (VMware virtual machines) using a protection plan and perform bulk restore of the VMs using NetBackup APIs.
```

Author: Changed the description

                                  [--master_username MASTER_USERNAME]
                                  [--master_password MASTER_PASSWORD]
                                  [--vcenter_name VCENTER_NAME]
                                  [--vcenter_username VCENTER_USERNAME]
                                  [--vcenter_password VCENTER_PASSWORD]
                                  [--vcenter_port VCENTER_PORT]
                                  [--protection_plan_name PROTECTION_PLAN_NAME]
                                  [--querystring QUERYSTRING]
                                  [--vip_group_name VIP_GROUP_NAME]
                                  [--restore_vmname_prefix RESTORE_VMNAME_PREFIX]

Group VM backup and restore scenario

Arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --master_server MASTER_SERVER
                        NetBackup master server
  --master_server_port MASTER_SERVER_PORT
                        NetBackup port
  --master_username MASTER_USERNAME
                        NetBackup master server user name
  --master_password MASTER_PASSWORD
                        NetBackup master server password
  --vcenter_name VCENTER_NAME

>                         Vcenter name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        vCenter name
```
Please replace  "Vcenter" with "vCenter" in rest of the file.
